what are we gonna say oh well say that
we were mugged you can't get mad at
someone who's been mom good that's good
me you don't look like you were mugged
no yeah hi
just get in there and make a
face-to-face apology you know look him
in the eye I know I could get him to
forgive us
I don't know I'm telling you I can do it
yeah he can do it not look so beautiful
the turkey the stuffing the cranberries
oh yeah a monkey could have made him
hey listen guys we feel really terrible
we're not contacting don't look at him
don't look at him
come on you guys we want you to know
we're very very sorry right guys I feel
terrible but let's not ruin this day you
work so hard let's move past this and
try to have a nice meal all together the
floating heads do make a good point yeah
they do seem to feel pretty bad so bad
so bad so bad okay
you two go get the dessert and I'll let
you in dessert yeah I asked you in
Phoebe did pick up the pies you did
remember right pies oh we thought you
said prize
grand supreme little darling
congratulation
you forgot the pies well I can't believe
this you forced me to make dinner then
you're an hour late and you forget the
one little thing that I asked you to do
really girls not cool okay I have to get
that now when I get back I want you and
your friends to be gone Thanksgiving is
over the vein has spoken clearly
starting the herd okay lock up I'm gonna
pull on the door and you guys push as
hard as you can maybe we can get enough
room to wiggle them out okay okay so
push just a sec we're kinda in the
middle of something here stop putting
things down my pants come on guys push
yeah come on push push
my cranberries
movie okay I can't believe what you did
Monica's gonna kill you look look look
what the look with the floating heads
did I don't care what's going on
that was the adoption agency
and we're getting a baby
there's a pregnant woman in Ohio and she
picked us
Monica and Chandler and that knocked-up
girl in Ohio I'm just so happy you guys
are finally getting a kid I know
have you considered pageant I can't
believe they called me we're actually
getting a baby well I know how you feel
really sure I went through the exact
same thing with Alicia may Emory waiting
wondering then one day I get that call
from Toys R Us she was in stock that is
the exact same thing